1 find a screen to work with sp8266 nordmcu unit

2 virtual pet basics
  1 well being stats should include
    hunger
    anger (secondary from excess/lack of two other emotions or extreme excess lack of one)
    sadness (linked to joy, still seperate but can effect one another)
    joy
    anxiety
    tiredness
    weight (effected by hungers average over a period of time)
    boredness (effected by joy, focus, productivity)
    focus
    productivity (linked to focus like joy)
    laziness
    hygene
    sickness
    hostility
   these stats should be able to be set on first launch to give it a 'personality' similar to users, personality can change as pet is cared for over long time
  2 should operate in real time
  3 should be able to write data to drive on every sleep
  4 possibly a WAN connection to other picats if i can ever get this far, would add a stat for loneliness for friend detection so you can meet new people when picats detect eachother
  5 possibly a unique picat ID and online checker for living picats
  6 maybe a webpage to check pistats
3 MODES
  1 study mode
    should connect to pc and retreive data to return wellbeing stats
    video streaming should reduce productivity and make lazy, bud add joy, reduce boredom, and temporarily mask anxiety (lol). also minimally decrease tiredness meter and hygene (make more tired)
    coding and studying should increase focus and productivity and boredom, reduce lazy and hygene, slight reduce sadness, slight reduce joy, increase hunger, increase tiredness
    drawing and producing should reduce boredom anxiety, laziness, anger, increase joy, tiredness, and mask hunger until task is complete.
  2 TD mode
    should operate like oldschool virtual pet.
    player commands
      feed
      watch tv
      play games
      walk
      read
      ignore(no option but activated after so long)
      talk it out
      throw (a joke, throws the pet. not a toy for pet)
      abandon (if made to work with the web, puts the pet and ID with old name in the adoption center, revokes rights of owning another picat on device etc)
      sleep (puts pet to sleep, saves state turns device off)
      wake up (turns device on,  wakes pet up runs daily stats)
      give bath 
      mode select
    3 Wild mode/ let outside/ daycare
      lets the pet explore outside, so it can take care of itself or puts in in the daycare with other picats if online
      outside will be operated by virtual world/biosphere where universal stats of species will determine pets health. weighted towwards health of realease so it cant be used to earn stats without caring for pet
      will add hostility and sadness automatically if left here for too long
      will be abandoned after a all negative stats reach a cetain point while here after so long
    4 Time
      should follow real time
      should clock pets age
      should notify of milestones and important dates in pets life
      if left to sleep too long the pet may enter comatose, will have to care extra well for pet for a certain time before it wakes back up
      once hits a certain age its stats will worsen faster, and when super old will gain a small chance to pass at random once a day, increasing daily
    5 first boot
      should ask player to select pet (will come after first build)
      should ask player to name pet
      should run through a list to retrive personality stats
      should run introduction and tutorial
      a chance to meet pet
    6 random actions
      pets can bring you things at random as a gift
      different moods should have different actions to suit them, ex. joy, cat will jump around, roll around, bored cat will nap, paw at screen, sad, cat will cry, hide away.
      easter eggs later?
      if stats are bad can runaway eventually leading to abandonment
  3 text
    1 cat can speak to you.
      talk it out shoukld make pet explain whats wrong
      hints, should let you know if you are trying to increase a stat thats already full or if youve been neglecting something for too long
      should give reminders that its an important day, or tell you where cat is if not waking up (" cat has been playing in the dumpster in the alley down the street. call him back? y/n"
      menus
      when waking should tell you a basic sumary of how the cat is feeling " cat is really happy to see you! he is kind of hungry though.
      need to make a usuable keyboard in system for first boot to name cat.
      
     
